Inline the "Prerequisite" Chapter (#608)
gitpod-io/website: src/docs/self-hosted/0.4.0/install/docker-registry.md

# Docker Registry

Gitpod builds Docker images during workspace startup. This enables custom Dockerfiles as part of your workspace config, but is also required for Gitpod itself to function.
To this end, Gitpod requires a container registry where it can push the images it builds.

By default Gitpod ships with a built-in Docker registry. If you operate your own Docker registry (which we'd recommend in a production setting) you can use that one. You have the following options:

> * Integrated docker registry: If not disabled, this docker registry is installed in a Kubernetes Pod as a dependency of Gitpod’s Helm chart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Integrated docker registry: If enabled, this docker registry is installed in a Kubernetes Pod as a dependency of Gitpod’s Helm chart.
```

Author: I'd like to keep it this way, because you need to `disable` them in the config.
